#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels i-mesh,settingup,beginning,cgal,boost,Phase-Implementation
Showing how to setup the developing environment of i-mesh in ubuntu.

= Introduction =
Ubuntu is a good choice for development. Everything you need to do is using apt-get
to retrieve the latest development libraries and it can tweek your development procedure.
At any time, the [tab] will be your friend.[tab] can show the candidate list of the library
you want. 

= Details =
i-mesh needs some supporting tools, these tools includes the mesh libraries, rendering libraries and so on.

=== Compiling Tools ===
 GCC: 
   sudo apt-get install gcc
 cmake:
   i-mesh use cmake to configure the project settings.using this command to get cmake.
    sudo apt-get install cmake
=== Support Tools === 
 doxygen:
   doxygen is used to generated the document of project
    sudo apt-get install doxygen
  valgrind:
   valgrind is used to check the memory leaks in i-mesh 
    sudo apt-get install valgrind
=== Development Libraries === 
 Qt4:
   i-mesh use Qt as the fundamental UI Framework
    sudo apt-get install libqt4[tab], than choose the libraries you want
 boost:
   if you want to compiling cgal, you need to install boost libraries first.
    sudo apt-get install libboost[tab], or just use 'sudo apt-get install libboost-dev'
 opengl:
   i-mesh using opengl for showing 3d meshes
    sudo apt-get install libgl1-mesa-dev
 libQGLViewer:
    QGLViewer is used to simplify the viewing of meshes.
    sudo apt-get install libqglviewer-qt4-dev
 PythonQt:
    PythonQt add the support of Python Scripting in the Qt4 application. You can 
    download PythonQt form pythonqt.sf.net, and then compile it. This step must do first
    because when you install cgal later, the default behavior of Qt4 will replace with qt3,
    so you can compile this package first. Currently, I am using PythonQt1.1 
 assimp:
    assimp is used to load the different types of meshes. you can download assimp 
    form assimp.sourceforge.net
 cgal:
    cgal is the core library for mesh processing. as you can use this command to download and install it:
    sudo apt-get install libcgal-dev
    *but* using this command will install the unwanted qt3 library, so I download the  source code from www.cgal.org, and then manually install it.
    Follow the INSTALL file to install the auxilary libraries and cgal
    instead of download from the website, you can use
    sudo apt-get install libblas-dev
    sudo apt-get install liblaplack-dev
 google test:
    googletest is used to add some unittest for i-mesh
    links: googletest.googlecode.com
 google mock:
    currently google mock is not used in the source code of i-mesh, but maybe i will use it.
    links : googlemock.googlecode.com
 google-glog:
    I use google-glog to add some logging messages.
    links: google-glog.googlecode.com
    
   
  
  